# Notes


#### June 23, 2025:

Four facilities listed by ICE on this date featured population averages
that were impossibly high:

-   Fayette County Detention Center
-   La Paz County Adult Detention Facility
-   Lexington County Jail
-   New Hanover County Jail

Population numbers reported by ICE for these four facilities have been
excluded from the dataset for this date.

A fifth detention facility had two entries for this release with
differing population values:

-   Nassau County Correctional Center

Upon the passage of time and the inclusion of more data, we have
selected the entry with the lower ADP value for this week as it comports
more consistently with population releases before and after June 23.

#### July 7, 2025

More than half (96 out of 172) of the facilities listed by ICE on this
date featured population averages that were impossibly low. While it’s
quite possible that ICE released correct populations for other
facilities, the pervasiveness of the error has forced us to drop this
entire dataset from release.

#### July 21, 2025:

One facility listed by ICE on this date featured population averages
that were impossibly low:

-   Northwest Regional Corrections Center

Population numbers reported by ICE for this facility have been excluded
from the dataset for this date.

As originally published, Miami Federal Detention featured inaccurate
Interval ADP numbers. This was corrected on August 7, 2025.

#### August 4, 2025

Typically, disaggregated average daily population numbers released by
ICE include decimals, allowing each of the three separate reporting
categories – Security Classification, Gender/Criminal Status, and ICE
Threat Level – to sum to equal population values. In this release, ICE
rounded all population numbers to the nearest integer.

This has meant that one category might show a higher population than
another category by one or two people, despite the fact that both
systems of classification report on the same number of people. To put it
differently, ICE released up to three different average daily population
figures per facility.

For the purposes of calculating Interval ADP, that difference of 1 or 2
can create discrepancies of 14 or even 28 people when calculating the
population for each facility between July 22 and August 4.

To mitigate the impact of this reporting style, we have decided to take
the average of the three categories and treat that number as the
official Average Daily Population as reported by ICE. We then computed
the Interval ADP for July 22 to August 4 based on that equally-weighted
number.

The rounding discrepancy causes nonsensical numbers for security
classification, gender, and criminal status, particularly for facilities
which hold fewer people. We will not report any disaggregation of
Interval ADP for detention facilities which held an average of 14 or
fewer individuals over the last interval (the 14 days between July 2 and
August 4).

One facility listed by ICE on this date featured population averages
that were impossibly low:

-   Robert A. Deyton Detention Facility

Population numbers reported by ICE for this facility have been excluded
from the dataset for this date.
